---
title: Sport-year review, 2022
tags: review calisthenics stretching run sport
---
Usually such posts are created at the end of a year, not in the middle of the next's January. The reason of this delay is that I had to set up my new tablet-PC, a Microsoft Surface (5 Pro) and configure Git, gpg to sign the commits and Jekyll to pre-check the modifications on the site. I wanted a clear, simple solution. Well, I learnt there's no such.  
Let's get to the point: the top sport I recorded the most time with in 2022 is running, moved my legs for 125 hours and 55 minutes, accomplished 1304.05 km during that time. I think the hardest run was the Generali Night Run in Budapest where I aimed a 5/km pace, and I finished with a very close result, 5:08/km.  
For that many runs I also stretched a lot: 27 hours, 20 minutes and 6 seconds altogether and with that I avoided the injuries. I also spent time doing [calisthenics](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Calisthenics), 16 hours, 17 mins and 37 seconds. Not much, but we had very hot summer and the (dark red) rubber floor burnt my hands, so after a time I gave up going there to do my regular push- and pull-ups.  
In '22, I (finally) fixed my bike. It got a new color and every failed or damaged part got replaced; 12 hours and 7 minutes were spent in the saddle. Well, it's clear biking isn't my main activity (yet).  
There were a few hikes, but their amount were insignificant. Summarising, I did sport for 248 hours, 45 minutes and 24 seconds during the 352 activities I recorded with my watches. I wanted to compare this results with 2021, but I bought the [Polar Vantage M2](https://www.polar.com/en/vantage/m2) at the end of April, hence the first 5 months aren't covered in [Flow](https://flow.polar.com/).  
Going forward, Christmas brought me a suspension trainer, so I'll surely have more core trainings in 2023, plus I plan to run around the [Lake Velence](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lake_Velence) this spring. That'll be 30 km, and my longest run so far. Let's see how this year will end.